"Showa" in Japanese
is actually from a high official literature in ancient China.
Common people to show clearly,
all nations are coordinated.
It means to eliminate the dispute in order
to create peace and prosperity.
And to pursuit equality and freedom in China.
I believe, in the ceremony of nanjing's new gorverment,
we will have all the nations satisfied.
Commander oda koki let me tell you
the only thing needed is to get the treasure.
Don't worry.
I already sent people to get it.
Sir, your suitcase.
Leave it here.
Stop!
Reporter cannot go through either, get off now!
The interview is finished.
Song jingzhi is assassinated.
Japaness military is enraged.
And they deploy the 731 division right away.
Commander officer oda koki left for nanjing.
No body shall stop
the upcoming of a greater era.
And a brand new China
which will be born under the Japanese
support.
The grand ceremony for nanjing new goverenment
will be held as scheduled.
People are suffering from a civil strife.
Time like this is perfect for a hustler.
According to reports, China's best hustler shi fo
who dissapeared long time ago
is now back in wide world...
Come here!
Wait.
You are cheating!
Zhuang
look, there is a lot of money.
We are going to be rich!
What did I tell you emm?
Why did you shoot the gun
before you threw the smoke bomb?
You want to take over my glory?
This sugar blood is cooked well.
Brother
when can you teach me to disguise myself?
I promise, before I die, I will teach you.
Everyone said shi fo is the best hustler in China.
Although, he is retired
is it ok for us to use his name?
It's not good right.
You don't know anything.
He doesn't need that title any more.
Right, you are right!
I think,
who has the most valuable possesion
who is the best.
Right?
I like this sentence.
When the photo is developed birng
it to the newspaper agency.
Hey brother.
You said you will give me
the yi dian Hong stone.
Come, come here.
What is the one thing that hustler
must not have with the other?
Trust
correct!
Good staff!
The best hustler in northwest China,
a fully justified reputation.
They said.
If I can find you.
Yours.
Thank you!
Thanks mr zhang.
Zhuang
all this I learnt from you.
Good luck!
I'm so sorry.
I'm lin.
That asshole forced me to do this.
I had no choice, that's why I lied to you.
No way!
If you don't trust me, check here.
The yi dian Hong stone is here.
It at my waist.
Don't shoot, don't shoot!
Son of bitch, stop!
You are an old son of bitch!
,,kazakhstan, on the border of Soviet union and China
stop! Stop!
Don't touch me.
Three yuan.
Four yuan.
My wife will yell at me.
Your wife will yell at you will make me happy.
Stop!
Hush, be quiet
or I kill you!
Get away. Get away!
Where is he?
What you laughing at?
Three.
Two.
One.
Asshole I am gonna remember you.
Hurry up, catch him!
Jump.
Why don't you jump?
Let's see if you jump faster than my bullet.
Jump!
This is called counterplot.
It was a waste of time teaching you.
Bitch.
I'll run you over!
That was harsh.
Have I sleept with you before?
I don't have any recolection of that.
Ah, I remember.
Yes, I did.
Right?
Doctor shi, you are back from the market.
Yes, I'm back.
Miss Jin is singing again.
Today you spoke with widow ma.
How did it go?
Nothing interesting.
I'm tired talking.
The courgette is so fresh.
Is it three yuan
or four yuan?
How dare you follow me!
You old freak!
I leave you alone for a while and you flirt with another girl?
Tell me.
Which bitch?
What does she have that I don't?
When I was a young girl
I didn't care about anything and
I ran away with you to Shanghai.
You were almost 30 at that moment.
Since Japanese intruded into China
you pretended to be shi f0
and made the national crisis fiscal.
I can kill you right now.
Can you play something new?
Right now I have a critical misson.
We need your cooperate with us.
If you do well
you can redeem yourself by doing a good service.
Let her have sex with me
and I will think about it.
You are not going to give me one?
Why is this in my hand?
Son of bitch!
Mr zhang
leave us.
Too harsh!
First
me
not shi fo.
But I'm the best huslter in China
second
the people I steal from
made their fortune base on national crisis
third
for us, we have our own rule.
It is
that we never
work with women.
You scared me!
About never working with women
I don't agree with that.
That's impolite towards women...
One month ago, on the border of Soviet union and China.
They discovered an ancient tomb from yuan dynasty.
Soviet frontier forces used violent mechanic to
destroying the tomb.
Lots of cultural artefacts were apprihended
by the Soviet commander
Ivanov.
One of which was a national treasure.
I heard
after three days
he will use it
to make a deal with Japanese in secret.
So, we must intercept it
before they meet.
Four dragon rectangular zun?
Yes.
You should have told me before.
You tied me up and shot at me.
When its done, you will be a hero for the country.
And we will let you go.
I have one condition.
When I'm done,
lneed
to take picture with the artefact.
Of course.
And I need you to post this photo
in all the newspapers.
And...
I'm huqty
have some meat!
Four dragon rectangular zun in his safe box.
The key is on him all the time.
Monday to Friday he goes to the barracks.
Today is a weekend,
he will go to the bank in the market
to do businese with a Chinese business man hanzong xu.
Hey, commander!
My friend, long time no see.
Ivanov will use his plane to help hanzong xu smuggle it.
Zonghan xu will use his bank to help
Ivanov hide the money.
This time Ivanov is doing business with the Japanese
with zonghan xu's help.
Just go to talk to him, it's easier this way.
I'm full, you pay the bill.
Lechery spring from warmth and nourishment!
Come.
You're way too far!
I said one at a time!
Shush.
Miss li, please pay.
I warned you before
don't play tricks with me.
I'll take this.
I'm going in the shower.
Gift!
Where are you going?
How dare you...
Wow, so much fun you guys
if we were in the barracks, I would execute you.
So comfortable.
Did you have a good time?
You wasted too much time.
We don't need you anymore.
Oh yeah?
How long does it take for a shower normally?
- Maybe...
- I wasn't asking you.
You
two hours.
So half an hour later,
he will go to zonghan xu's club to eat.
How long will he take for dinner?
With driving maybe four hours.
You know the lip language?
There is one more surpirse.
What is it?
Pretty girls and gamble.
Its 5:30pm now.
Before his dinner,
you guys get suitcase
then I can use the money in the suitcase
to join their gambling party.
I will make lvanov interest in me
and control the game.
I will try to stall for time
to get three more hours.
But
give me back the yi dian Hong stone first.
Why should we trust you?
So why did you hire me?
Everything is ready,
all we need is...
Spit it out!
Son of bitch.
So rich.
Welcome, commander.
I have prepared a big surprise for you.
Hurry up, follow me!
Over here, over here.
Vladimir
what took you so long?
I have been waiting for you for half an hour.
Oh, you want it like that!
Up, up, like this!
Natasha
how, how could you...
Vladimir
who are you?
I won.
All the Chinese are fools.
Wait a seconed.
Who is a fool?
Who is a fucking fool now?
Son of a bitch.
Give this to that guy over there.
The man in black.
Commander.
He is a huslter.
You were cheating.
I am a man of principles.
Who ever cheats me must be shot.
But I give you one more chance.
Here are three cards, one of them is a king.
If you make correct choice you can go free.
If you wrong then your life will end here.
You have to make a choice or you lose.
Wait, wait, wait, let me do this.
Too simple.
This is not it.
This is not it either.
If the middle one is not it again
you are the cheat.
It was a joke.
Just having fun.
So the young man remembers for the next time.
Young man, we will meet again.
Just a joke.
Alright, I'll take the money
and he keeps his life.
You are...
I'm that old son of bitch.
We have already acquired the treasure.
Please give us the next instructions.
Over
how about the xiao zhuang?
He took the money and ran away.
You know it so well that
he is just a huslter.
Train ticket for tomorrow?
I'm sorry, miss li.
Wu xin
japanses offered us an attractive condition.
You goddam traitor.
I sent the message with your ID.
They must think the artefact is still in your hands.
Traitor
will be written on your tombstone.
Good bye.
Be careful!
Fast, go faster.
Don't shoot!
You don't want to bring back this junk.
Hey brother, no!
I'm not your brother!
I'm your grandpa!
Hey man.
Call grandpa!
Be careful, be careful!
Shit!
Stop!
You guys stop!
Jump
hurry up-
here, here you go.
Done?
Done!
I'm already tired of watching.
But to be honest
your breasts...
Hey girl are you awake?
You slept for three days.
Good skill.
This is hung gan's twisting technique.
The skill is good
but if you change it like this,
the strength will be better!
Your wife is so harsh to you.
- Help!
- I'm not his wife.
Who are you?
I
I'm the famous Jin sanniang.
You two are crazy.
Can you release me first and then we talk?
Not getting married is a good choice.
Women
don't get married too early.
Need to enjoy the feeling
that picking out the men while you are still single.
Like me,
a lot of men had crash on me.
I didn't think too much and married him.
Then why didn't you be
more careful?
Your husband is the best.
- My yi dianhong stone...
- Is so rare that we have guest in our house.
This is wonderful!
So today.
Is all my fault.
Come, let's toast!
Come.
Cheers!
I didn't drink much, why do I feel so drunk?
It's you, you drugged me.
San niang?
When four dragon rectangular zun cracks.
A little cube came out.
Forcing the Japanese to do business
with the Soviet union.
What is it?
The imperial seal of China, yuxi.
After qin shi huang destroyed six countries
made this yuxi with he shi Jade.
Called li si inscribe the birds and seal characters.
Rule by the grace of god, live forever.
It's the symbol for every dynasty.
Could you speak normally?
Shut up.
Keep going.
So for the gorverment, it means political power.
It's the greatest treasure.
But for the ordinary people, it is a beautiful Jade,
also the greatest treasure.
For both sides,
it is a priceless treasure.
Liu bang used it to found a state
and then pass it to the tang dynasty.
After the turmoil of the five northern minorities
in central China,
it dissapeared and became a legend.
After mingtaizu zhu yuanzhang found the state
the biggest regret to him was
yuxi
I didn't expect that
it is hidden in the four dragon rectangular zun
from yuan dynasty.
Enough,enough
don't believe in myths.
It doesn't matter if it is hiden
in four dragon rectangular zun.
With it you can buy plenty yi dian Hong stones.
So who is stupid enough to break it?
Plenty!
The 5th of next month,
nanjing will hold a grand ceremony
to celebrate the founding of the puppet government.
During which, yuxi will be demonstrated.
It will be a sensation.
You scared me.
If we can get that.
Whole wolrd will knew I am the best hustler in China
it will be a sensation.
Let's go.
We are not gonna make it.
The train left three days ago.
So...
How about the plane?
Enough time to get it?
Hey man.
I loaded the motorcycle on the plane
and is ready to ship back home.
Comrade, do you have a matchstick?
Do you have a matchstick?
Stand up!
Asshole, sold me fake glue.
The plan changed.
Freeze!
Catch this son of bitch
go!
I'm driving!
You “tie brat,
I'm going to shoot you twenty minutes.
Take off.
Don't shoot the plane.
You're sunch fools, catch him.
I need him alive!
Fast, they are catching up.
Take off!
I'm taking off, I'm taking off.
Come on!
Ran you over.
Come on.
Ran you over!
Come on
now you can't run away!
Good bye.
No!
I saved your life again.
Game over.
What happened?
You kicked out the pilot.
What?
Wait for me.
Faster.
To keep trying everything in a desperate situation.
Wait.
Shoot them, I don't care about the plane anymore.
Come on! Come on!
Look at your big ass, use it!
Reload!
I'm goona show you what a Soviet soldier is.
Come, don't make me disappointed.
Show them how amazing you are.
Come here, baby, come here.
Holy shit!
Shi fo
San niang
get out off the plane,you old man.
How dare you drugged me!
I can't get out.
L will kill you.
So I definately can't get out to meet you.
Are you the best hustler in China'?
Shi fo
we got the yuxi.
Commander, your plan is so amazing.
Don't cry!
You must learn this song before the ceremony.
Got it?
Good girl.
You don't want to, I understand.
I will give you a poetry.
Come
come
the moon and the wall has not changed
from dynasty to dynasty.
But nobody has returned from the crusade.
As long as the general defends the strong hold.
Invaders will never occupy our territory.
So amazing!
Today's China
do they have strong soldiers?
And who is the enemy?
We are the enemy.
Now people are judged base on the strength
not the age.
Between these two years all of the biggest cases
were all done by me.
You can ask people the name xiao zhuang.
Everyone will worship me.
I am the best hustler in China.
What's wrong?
Asshole
nice
,,nanjing
have you calculated the routine that the train will travel?
The routine has many curves.
Minus the right angles
and plus that I can read the stars.
We should meet with the train
in jiayu guan.
So where are we now?
Dammit!
We are in the clouds
land the plane
don't take the wrong direction.
What's that?
It a mine.
I'm gonna die.
Game over, game over.
Give it to me.
What?
The pin in your hand.
Here you are.
This is a pressure mine.
If you don't press on it, it will not go off.
Are you sure you are the best hustler in China?
Shit
I got news that they hijacked the Soviet plane.
Please do not worry, Yamada commander.
Yuxi is on the train.
The special agents have arrived.
Commander
the artefact is in basement.
Hope phantom
will like.
You mean the no.731 concentration
camp's executioner phantom?
We are out of the clounds.
Get off my way.
You old son of bitch!
L will kill you.
The train!
Train
we cought up to it!
Land now.
I don't know how.
The left engine is out.
I told you, we shouldn't have trusted a woman.
The right one is also out.
Come help, there is a cliff right ahead.
Come
pull
what are you pulling?
I'm helping you.
Stop screaming.
We are going to crush!
I didn't do it on purpose.
He did.
Fuck you, I didn't
he did I'll help you botton your shirt.
Take your hands off.
I really didn't mean to...
I will kill you.
The train is coming from west to east.
From here it turns north
to next station.
Sha he station.
We will cross the gobi desert in the middle
in a straight line.
Are we going to make it?
With me, nothing is impossible.
Come, let's go.
Hold on tight.
Can I drive?
Sure, mr.Shi.
Wait, wait.
Can you bring me that box?
Sure
fuck off.
You lying, son of bitch.
This is not good.
It's ok.
With that box
he is not gonna die.
Hold
that asshole.
He just said like this?
Maybe check the map?
Map is with shi f0.
That asshole!
Cheers
thank you so much.
When you done come to visit me.
We should drink.
This time we lost too much.
I lost a lot of brothers
need to be paid more.
Hubby, he is so handsome.
You didn't do your work well
and you want more money?
Are you sure you are being reasonable?
- Are you also on this train?
- Yes, I am.
It is nice to meet you.
- It's nice to meet you too.
- That's great.
I am going to kill you old son of a bitch.
Please don't fight here.
Get on the train first.
My daughter in law likes me.
My son is jealous.
I sent the telegram,
zhang peng is dead now.
No one will believe mu innocence now.
He still had a smile on his face,
must have had a good time.
That's enough!
Right now, he is dead.
Yuxi is gone, what are we going to do?
Keep looking in the train.
How, there 'vs about 500 passengers on the train.
He still has a little bit body temperature,
means just died not long ago.
So the killer must have boarded at the last station.
Sha he station.
Correct!
A whole train has 8 wagons
except the lokomotive.
There are four economy class wagons
and two bussiness class
plus one restaurant wagon.
We will split in two groups.
You go to the economy class.
I will go to business class.
And then we will meet in the restaurant wagon.
And so I said im bringin the fishing rod to gansu.
That's like bringing a pair of skiis to California,
just doesn't make sense.
Hi friend.
Hi
are you reading the golden lotus?
You like too?
The illustrations are my favorite.
Hold on.
You are not allowed here.
Wait, give back my uniform.
That guy
didn't have a ticket.
You always fall in love.
All your life there were men around.
Ticket
your finger is a little bit yellow.
Shows you smoke a lot.
I said your ticket! Show me your ticket!
Hey handsome man.
I will show you the ticket.
Apart from the ticket
your bag has something
much more important.
Stop acting so mysterious.
Just say it.
It's her, more easier.
Right?
Here is your ticket.
I should have known it was you
yoshizawa miho
why all the women are tougher than men?
Go die!
My bag!
Asshole, the bag belongs to me!
If you keep running, I will kill him.
Shoot!
Wait!
Now it's two against one.
Oh yeah?
Mother fucker.
Stop, old son of bitch.
Get her.
She is a spy from Japan.
Here we go.
So you are trying to fight me?
There you go.
Grab me!
Ah, you are wounded.
Fantastic.
Pull me up!
Give me the bag first.
No way.
Go die!
So sweet.
I would do anything
to spend one night with her.
I will castrate all of you.
I will give you the bag if you pull me up.
So we have a deal.
Asshole, I knew.
You were hiding something.
Little brat. I'm protecting the artefact.
Bullshit! Lm protecting the artefact.
You forgot it was you who broke
the four dragon cube.
Wait, wait, I'm too tired.
Miss li
yuxi is here, not in the Japanese hands.
You are a hero of you country.
Yuxi is the national property!
Nobody can embezzle it.
Nobody can embezzle it!
I'm protecting the artefact.
You, stop.
Don't leave.
It's a desert up front.
You stop!
Stop!
Annoying woman.
Faster!
If we can't get out before its dark.
We will die here.
Annoying
if not for you
yuxi would be in my hands already.
And then I can stay in Shanghai
and everyday indulge in sensual pleasures
all the girls around me
gambling all the time
be the center of attention.
Now I feel, it's unfair.
I will sleep with you just the matter of time.
Don't move.
I treated you a little.
If not
you would have died already.
Are you hitting on me?
You know how to pick a place.
Cruel and unscrupulous!
I'm not going to help you anymore.
From tomorrow,
we go separate ways!
You know?
If we
find a dead camel
we will be lucky.
Inside the camel's humps
are two large jugs of water.
One on the left
and one on the right.
They hold
a lot of water.
Enough for both of us
to drink for a few days.
Drop me off
or you will die.
What are you doing?
God bless me.
This is not hallucination.
Slow down, slow down, there is enough.
You guys made it through the desert.
Command admiration.
But
the happiest person is
your dad.
Dad?
Yes.
Your dad is my good friend.
Come, come.
This is very good.
Foan
try, try.
You are alive, look at your dad.
How happy he is.
Hey, he is not my dad.
Do you see'?
What are they doing?
Look at the little blanket in their hands.
You know what's that for?
Are you serious?
The years in university of Pennsylvania
were the best time of my life.
Where?
Pennsylvania what?
Ok,0k, let's talk some vulgar topic.
This topic is making me tired.
For example,
do you think I'm handsome?
Don't tell me you like girls?
No way!
My fiance.
If you call me like this, I'm happy.
He is taller than you.
And more handsome than you are.
He is a dream lover for most women.
He is young and promising.
He is an idol for a lot of people.
What's the name of this song?
In the distant place
a nice name!
And then...
Then
he died a glorious death.
I shot him.
Get the yuxi.
Miss li will make the supreme sacrifice for our country.
I'll take a photo of it.
At the end
shi fo will protect it.
How's that?
Very clear thought.
Actually, China is at war now.
Giving it to American might not be a bad idea.
But if it ends up in Japanese hands?
So what? Nothing will change.
China is strong and will not crumble.
Don't talk rubbish!
These issues are ours.
We will decide by ourselves.
- Right?
- Yes.
Hya!
This
is a Chinese artefact.
It is also a culture symbol for the world.
We American will follow the rule as always.
To protect all cultures in the world.
So, I will bring this yuxi
back to the usa.
I'm your kaishakunin.
It is you!
So it is.
Hubby
yes
please kill me
hubby
yoshizawa
asshole
phantom
hubby
if you have sex with me
you are not gonna regret it.
I will let you
have lot fun.
Hey buddy.
We are in Shanghai!
"Shanghai
this is a big city.
Big city is so big.
What are we doing here?
You tell me
what are we gonna do here?
Old asshole.
Get out the way!
You are making me late!
I'm sorry, sorry.
Fuck off.
Come come, please.
Welcome.
All right.
This way.
Here
how's that?
You like this room?
Yes, it's good
your tips.
Feel free to let me know if you need anything.
Don't look too far.
Check the closer area.
Consulate of usa in Shanghai.
What are they doing?
Moving?
Frist of all, need to make sure where yuxi is.
Xiao zhuang
you follow Howard,
ruo yun you follow luisa.
First lets understand all the facts.
Ok, ok
but
what's your job?
My mission
is very hard.
This the most expensive
ice cream in our hotel.
Fuck
who?
You think I don't have enough money to pay?
I heared he is a big official from Korea.
Oh, he is an asshole from Korea taking refuge in Shanghai.
Sir
fuck
too small!
50m!
This is the amount of caviar for one serve.
It's ok dad.
We should leave this shitty place.
Yeah dad.
We will go to usa soon.
So, I don't care about anything now.
Yes, that's right.
I heared
Mrs. Howard will take ship back to us.
On the night before they leave,
they will host a fairwell dinner
the subject is yuxi.
The whole cruise will have tight security
even the Japanese are not allowed.
Most importantly,
there are only 3 days before the dinner
and we still don't know where it is.
We don't have any reason can get us the consulate.
Even if the yuxi is there
we may not have a chance to get it.
So...
No matter where is the yuxi,
during the farewell dinner
it will be there.
The dinning hall in the cruise?
During the dinner, yuxi will be on display.
Then they will take it back to the American's room.
All the process will take less than 5mins.
So we have two spots where we can take action.
First is the dinner place,
second is American's room.
Both are impossible.
The security arrangements
at this time are at a highest level,
same as at the coffin of Lenin.
The glass box is made by lyme's company in Germany.
The possiblity of making mistake almost is 0.
And
the dinning hall and the room's glass boxes
are connected together with a security alarm.
So according to you there is nothing we can do.
If they take it to a wrong room
that has the same glass box inside.
I heared
in this cruise
the next room
is a prince from Arabia?
The god of wealth for Americans.
And these two rooms layout is the same.
We can make these rooms look the same.
Steal the arab's key
and give it to scs members.
While we are adjusting the room
then divert the soilders
to get into the room and grab the yuxi.
But we will only have 5mins.
So do you have a better plan than this right now?
Last question,
how do we get into the cruise?
Use this.
The official of Korea.
They plan to take the ship to usa.
Fantanstic!
But the only problem is we need one more person.
You are bunch of liars.
Ok, the crew is set.
It's my fault,
when we stole the plane I lost you.
It's my fault.
Stop!
I'm mad
not because he left me alone.
But
because you guys have such a fun mission
and he didn't bring me in.
You are all corrupt.
Living of the people in your country,
to indulge in sensual pleasures overseas.
Today we will Wright your wrongs for all that you did.
Korea restoration leagueand and Korea youth corps
all compete to kill you.
This is a paid job for us.
No more nonsense.
Let's kill first.
Let us go please.
Shut up bitch.
Hitting a woman?
I will kill you now.
Wife hitting husband should be dead
should be dead.
How was my performance?
Perfect.
Please spare our lives.
How much did they pay you?
I'll pay you three times more.
But what do we do
if Korea youth corps finds us ?
Five times.
Ok, will do.
I will find few scapegoats to go on the cruise.
When everything is done
then we will set you free.
Eight times!
Deal
deal? Deal!
The invitation to the dinner dance party.
Dancing?
But I don't know how to dance.
In dancing, teacher is the most important.
Where can I find one?
- Come
- no no no, I won't, I don't know how to dance.
Yes yes you will, I will teach you.
Go
come
fall
relax
the first time is always like this.
Spread open your legs.
Turn
how's the Korean'?
Good
game over!
This mission
is before the dancing party.
Xiao zhuang will get the key.
Watch where you are going.
San niang and I will change the room.
You need to be fast.
You only have 3mins.
Xiao zhuang will meet ruo yun at the dancing party.
Yes, sir.
Don't you lose this, lieutenant.
Who is this guy?
Please back me up.
Who was it anyway?
Anyone lost a key?
Thanks
this mission,
the most important is cooperation.
Because time is short,
can't afford to make a mistake.
From right now
the most difficult thing is...
What?
Dancing
very good
not bad
turn around
keep going.
Remenber the first time I met you,
you are playing just like this.
You won my heart
right away.
Our ruo yun is super awesome.
She is fluent in many languages.
Everyone has their own hobby.
You like to take pictures.
What about your plan?
Did you find a location for a photo studio?
I quit.
Ok, ok, let's eat.
Hey xiao zhuang.
When the mission is done,
what's your plan for the future?
I have no idea.
Get married
can you stop?
I can't!
Xiao zhuang I want ask you.
Answer me
excuse me
I'll take care of her.
Wait
you answer me first.
Of couse I want!
Wait one second.
The movie ticket.
She's too shy to give it to you.
Take it.
Stop!
Go with us.
Your plan was perfect.
Actually we planed to snatch it in the cruise.
But right now its perfect.
We don't need to have a fall out with the us
and then we can get the yuxi.
So
I'm very appretiative.
You are that fucking chairman?
You are not dead?
Watch your mouth!
Yamada
calm down
you care about the fame
more than the money
and a love relationship, right?
I will show you something cool.
If there is one person who knows that I am alive.
That person is ruo yun.
When we graduated from our university
we promised each other
that when the war is over we will get married.
But our belief was different.
She got the mission to kill me,
but she couldn't do it.
Because
she loved me.
When the war finished,
everything became clear.
Ruo yun
will come back to me.
Right?
So
I will give you two gifts.
First, when you get the yuxi.
I will let you take a photo
and post it in all the newspapers.
All the people will see that.
You became the real
best hustler in China.
Second
I will never see ruo yun again.
Is everything 0k?
Yea
you know what is important between
the hustlers?
Honesty
hello
did you see xiao zhuang?
No
madam, won't you reconsider selling it to me?
And suddenly here we are with this presious treasure.
The prince is not in the room.
Ah he is with the American.
A little bit too late to make the move now.
And there is twice the people here to protect the yuxi.
The plan changed.
When the party ends,
you and San niang will block the two sides of the hallway.
I will change the room.
There is not enough time.
This is the only way to do it.
But
hubby
see you
ladies and geltmen, hard band,
thank you so much for coming out tonight.
You guys look fantastic tonight.
Holy cow, round of applause join with fantastic!
Yes, my goodness.
Now you all may know I am the u.S ambassador to China.
But what you may not know is my wife Louise here...
Where were you yesterday?
You don't need think too much.
When the mission is finished.
We will go our separate ways.
So tonight we need get drunk,
we need to have a good time
and we need to dance!
When we are done
marry me.
50m!
Take care of this.
The key
yes, sir.
Be careful.
Go!
- Ok.
Your excellence
have I met you before, you looks so familiar.
What's that mean?
I don't know.
Your wife I hear she is a very famous singer
back in north Korea.
Has she prepared a song for us today?
Emm
let's go, let's go.
What's the plan?
Make time, watch me.
Emm, no, no...
I haven't sang a song in a long time.
Come on.
Shit! Shut up!
Hi everyone,
since it is so
I will sing one for you.
Thank you.
Get out off here.
I'm sorry.
You dumb fucking drunk.
Assholes
actually I have many songs can sing to you.
I love you
come here, come here.
Is San niang here?
You want read something in my room?
We have more people.
Look
oh dear god.
You want to go?
Sure
and now slowly pass me what you have in your hands.
Ok...
Give it here.
Hey guys stop, go back go back.
Fucking asshole.
I'll kill you.
You got it very fast.
As expected, you are the best hustler in China.
Awsome!
Wait
I have prepared it already.
Which one do you want?
I don't.
Bye
let me explain.
You are such a liar.
And I truted you.
I will explain everything to you.
You
we very appereciate mr zhuang cooperating with us
I will give all the casinos in Shanghai to him.
He is lying.
I did all of this just to show you.
Who he is?
Since you let me go.
I know.
My ruo yun is still there.
She loves me.
Although
our belief is different in this moment,
but one day we will be on the same page.
We did everything
not for ourselves.
But for
trying to end the war sooner.
Because you said
when the war is over
we will get married.
Do you remember when we were at the university
of Pennsylvania?
So beautiful!
You are a liar!
No, I never lied to you.
He is the one who lied to you.
You trust me,
or him?
You chose.
Bitch!
Son of bitch!
You mother fucker!
Asshole.
No no!
Go die.
Chinese can not be dealt with.
Xiao zhuang
xiao zhuang
how about the woman?
I'll take her.
Yes sir.
Xiao zhuang
bitch
now we are done.
Xiao zhuang
i-le
is not
more handsome than me.
Right?
Xiao zhuang
xiao zhuang
song jingzhi faked his own death to steal the yuxi.
A new grand China
will be written into the annuals of
history with yuxi.
Had I slept with you before?
Yes
this kind of life is too boring.
So what is interesting for you?
Like you?
Be a hustler with no responsabilities?
I have my own rules.
I never lie to the old, sick, weak, disabled and pregnant.
But you are still a hustler.
When this is done
marry me
xiao zhuang
I told myself many times,
she is not here,
she is leaving me.
But I can't convince myself.
Ruo yun
I still love you.
If you can accept me.
I will take you away from here immediately.
This is your last chance.
Mr.Song
you should be on the stage.
Welcome chairman song.
Surprise!
You didn't die from Yamada?
Zhuang
I finally know how to discuise myself!
Game over!
Shut up, or no food for you.
Were you sad about me?
Be careful
go die!
He is on the top.
You didn't know I'm a hustler?
You are so easy to be cheated.
No.731 concentration camp's phantom.
Run!
Few days ago
with the help of the Japanese,
yuxi was considered missing for thounsands years.
But now its back to
our land again.
Let him go.
How was that?
Watch your love die in front to you.
You try to drug me.
Take me down quickly.
You can't beat him.
The basement is filled with gas
hold your breath.
Hold it
what you talking about?
This is a symbol
for the greatest times for China.
It is a sign.
That shows that we will be strong like tang dynasty.
Also it's a declaration.
Declaration of our new governemnt
is leading all of Chinese
to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese people.
Ruo yun
I have a gun in my back.
Be careful ruo yun.
It's been a long time since I saw myself bleed.
I appretiate you so much.
If I don't know which one is the real phantom,
we don't have chance to win.
Xiao zhuang
ruo yun
shoot!
Shoot!
Don't worry about me.
Why don't you shoot!
Hold your breath.
Be a couple in the heaven.
It's you!
Oda koki
xiao zhuang
I haven't slept with you yet.
How can I die?
It's all over.
Not yet.
Long live the new national movement.
Long live the new construction in east Asia.
Freedom and equality in China
will be forever.
Except for stealing yuxi
what else we can do?
That's a perfect plan.
Don't rush!
I have
other things.
Pressure mine.
Let us remember
that great moment.
That bitch!
Hurry up!
Here here...
Salt
salt
ok, ok, ok.
Ok, ok
my honey cooks so well.
I will make you foot massage tonight.
Less hot water.
I don't want to burn my feet.
Xiao zhuang
why did you wake up'?
This a good medicine.
It's for animals,
but you can use it the same way!
Dinner is almost ready.
Call ruo yun.
Wait!
There is one more dish before the table is set.
Back soon!
Don't worry!
We will be fast.
You eat first.
Don't wait for us.
Can be a midnight snack.
I have repeated so many times.
I have told you I don't know.
Listen to me boy
if you don't tell me where yuxi is right now
or you are not going home.
Where do I go?
You are going to America, that my home turf.
Happy summer!